📝 update copyright notice (#3507)
nvm-sh/nvm: README.md

## Copyright notice

> Copyright [OpenJS Foundation](https://openjsf.org) and [project name] contributors. All rights reserved. The [OpenJS Foundation](https://openjsf.org) has registered trademarks and uses trademarks.  For a list of trademarks of the [OpenJS Foundation](https://openjsf.org), please see our [Trademark Policy](https://trademark-policy.openjsf.org/) and [Trademark List](https://trademark-list.openjsf.org/).  Trademarks and logos not indicated on the [list of OpenJS Foundation trademarks](https://trademark-list.openjsf.org) are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.

Reviewer: :)
```suggestion
Copyright [OpenJS Foundation](https://openjsf.org) and [nvm-sh](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) contributors. All rights reserved. The [OpenJS Foundation](https://openjsf.org) has registered trademarks and uses trademarks.  For a list of trademarks of the [OpenJS Foundation](https://openjsf.org), please see our [Trademark Policy](https://trademark-policy.openjsf.org/) and [Trademark List](https://trademark-list.openjsf.org/).  Trademarks and logos not indicated on the [list of OpenJS Foundation trademarks](https://trademark-list.openjsf.org) are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.
```

Author: thanks!
